feat: treat `query_knowledge_sources` results as sensitive by default (#4404)
archestra-ai/archestra: docs/pages/platform-knowledge-bases.md

Once assigned, the agent gains a `query_knowledge_sources` tool that searches across everything attached to it and pulls back the most relevant documents to answer the user's question.

> The output of `query_knowledge_sources` is treated as untrusted by default (it may contain prompt-injectable content). You can configure guardrails for it from `/mcp/tool-guardrails`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output of `query_knowledge_sources` is treated as sensitive by default, which can impact the ability to use subsequent tools. See [Archestra MCP Server](/docs/platform-archestra-mcp-server#auth), and [AI Tool Guardrails](/docs/platform-ai-tool-guardrails), for more details.
```
